right it's mid-april back to take these
cameras a bit later than I hoped they
still seem to be working they just
trigger it on that's all good some
pulleys off and see what we've got
hopefully a few stags you'll see it's
all very quiet in here at the moment so
it's easy in the pack and away the
second camera it's just and the bush
another couple hundred meters right
here's the second camera it's good still
all clear don't try and live everything
seems to be fine with it it's really fun
to see what all these things have been
quite a good spot the last couple of
months it's a little raw so hopefully
there's a few snags on it we shall see
say come on right right
walkouts cameras had been in the bush
for three months what would the pictures
reveal I eagerly downloaded the cards
when we got home
as you can see the spike line cameras
have performed exceptionally well what
became evident was that they were very
few deer living in this area even though
it was quite busy last rule and I had
also filmed animals in the area when I
set the cameras up and January three
months in the field and bush on six
double-a batteries and they were still
operating when we picked them up
they have provided a clear picture of
animal density in the area only one
decent stag turned up and that was just
before the rule we will not be going
back to that area
thanks to Ellen foot from AJ productions
for providing us with these great
cameras what an invaluable tool for
putting out good hunting Aryans we'll be
using them again